Clarify script entry point targets (#2060)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/guides/writing-pyproject-toml.rst

will be available. Executing this command will do the equivalent of
``import sys; from spam import main_cli; sys.exit(main_cli())``.

> Script entry points must use the ``module:object`` form. The object

Reviewer: Per EPS, this is called an "object reference." I think we should probably use that language consistently and link to it as well:

```suggestion
Script entry points are written as object references like ``importable.module``, or importable.module:object.attr``. The object
```

Ref: https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/specifications/entry-points/#data-model

reference should point to a function that can be called with no arguments,

> not to a module by itself.

Reviewer: This is de facto true (I think), but in principle I think script entry points _can_ be modules if the user does something cursed like forcefully instantiating a callable module instance.

Not sure if that's worth qualifying though, the "should" is probably good enough 🙂
